[azure logs] Document Azure logs categories routing rules (#13863)
elastic/integrations: packages/azure/_dev/build/docs/events.md

**Logs** help you keep a record of events that happen on your Azure account.
Log data streams collected by the Azure Logs integration include Activity, Platform, Microsoft Entra ID (Sign-in, Audit, Identity Protection, Provisioning), Microsoft Graph Activity, and Spring Apps logs.

## Routing

The integration routes the logs to the most appropriate data stream based on the log category. 

> For example, if the integration receives a log event with the `NonInteractiveUserSignInLogs` category, it will index it in the `logs-azure.signinlogs-default` using the `azure.signinlogs` dataset. Using the following table the data streams will be logs-<data_stream.dataset>-logs for each log type.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if the integration receives a log event with the `NonInteractiveUserSignInLogs` category, logs will be indexed to `logs-azure.signinlogs-default` using the `azure.signinlogs` dataset. 

Use the table below to determine the dataset used for the log category. The final index will have the format of `<data_stream.dataset>-logs`
```

Was thinking about clarity, and thought the above improves clarity ?

Author: I reworked the text before seeing your comment, sorry! 🙇 Could you take another look at the new version? 🙇

Reviewer: No worries, it looks good now :)

**Logs** help you keep a record of events that happen on your Azure account.
Log data streams collected by the Azure Logs integration include Activity, Platform, Microsoft Entra ID (Sign-in, Audit, Identity Protection, Provisioning), Microsoft Graph Activity, and Spring Apps logs.

## Routing

The integration routes the logs to the most appropriate data stream based on the log category. 

> Use the following table to identify the target data streams for each log category. For example, if the integration receives a log event with the `NonInteractiveUserSignInLogs` category, it will infer `azure.signinlogs` as dataset, indexing the log in the `logs-azure.signinlogs-default` . 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the following table to identify the target data streams for each log category. For example, if the integration receives a log event with the `NonInteractiveUserSignInLogs` category, it will infer `azure.signinlogs` as dataset, indexing the log into `logs-azure.signinlogs-default` data stream. 
```

| Data Stream                     | Log Category                                                                                                                                           |
| --------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `logs-azure.activitylogs-*`        | Administrative, Security, ServiceHealth, Alert, Recommendation, Policy, Autoscale, ResourceHealth                                                   |

Reviewer 3: I'm wondering about the typeface agreement between the text in the description and the text in the table; in the description we have `NonInteractiveUserSignInLogs`, but in the table we have NonInteractiveUserSignInLogs. 99.99999% of people won't notice this, but it did confuse me.

Author: Yeah, after I looked at the last screenshot, I had a similar thought. Your comment confirms to me that it's not something I should overlook.
